Speak there, youtube beauty
in the galley area and let's go one more
rare car now
although the input of it is not so
so rare is a car we are
buy them to enter our menu
internet or simply buy it
but I'm going to buy a car in the gt
to see if I can just turn around
lose, then pick up the location
I have a specific time
At least I did not find it I found a time
specific or simply came here
exactly on top of this bridge here nor
I found my watch personalized and
He 's a car, the guys we 're going to
find it totally original not
We'll find it and it's taken until the
time did not see any of become not
I know if there is to he taken to
find on the map and to steal it
and it's on, it's okay, I ticked it there
in that we go there the guy in my
opinion is one of the most
game right surroundings is this guy
are modern cars are car based
in this case the supercars, in the case of
surroundings are sundays is a lamborghini
I do not remember with
The car that I have
Attila what is bugatti based
veyron
only for this here a classic ne
here is a classic is based on a
classic in a year at dodge charger dodge
charger and is based on the Duke's tie and
to the same car the guys and that bridge
Duke is the same imputem is a bridge of the
which det is the doctor's car max
that I already brought in the channel already has the video
that appears in story mode is not that
it appears in two positions
so there are two positions
different in the other story
from there it is totally proof of
absolutely strong bullet in the mode
story in online mode actually let's
find it it's original guys, right?
I found that totally original without
no customization without sitting down
is my logical dna a custom to the
My taste, I believe he stayed
beautiful face i quite liked the color
his
people are more or less here.
So you have to keep giving yourself a little roll.
here and there I do not know if it has
a specific time like I said I
I did this I kept coming back and
I found there so guys is as follows
I'm going to make a cut in the video and
as soon as I find I'll come back
the guys are the next I came back here and I
I'm sure it's crowded here.
old as I told you guys he
It will appear in this region, you see.
there it is totally original but
same car
Let's get it. I'll get it to show.
for you
people if you want to have more or less
an idea of hour and one and a half an hour
in the afternoon in the game and there the car won
in continuum, you do not have to buy
the car we can just come here and
catch him spending money but he
It's not so expensive guys do not remember the
worth it it's not expensive or mask
I do not deny myself, man, that's all.
It has to be thug show that here
I'll get him to show the pomegranate.
are you coming
Lend me I'll give it back soon I'll go
put on the side just for you see only
you see that it's the same to the same position
I do not have to take the store away.
remembering guys that my tournament is not
I thought it right he making the port or
he is hardly even almost fighting it
show you two in the afternoon
from the following principle that
he shows up after one and I do not believe
that he has a specific time to
but appears ta al bridge the galley
What kind of person did you ask for or am I doing?
this video to see that they asked us to
comments that the lecture
Now I see that I was asked in
comments galera why they wanted to know
né if the bridge swing duke of the case in
contained odete that if he appeared in
online
it appears a bridge from the
not for a while on bridge than odete
which is the inter site making mad max
for now there appears then that
People, this video is staying here.
Many thanks to you who watched until
here do not forget and that force
I left your review and comment
Disliked the logical video shares
It does not help me much there either.
leaves rather leaves quite happy
please share this comment
And this is a lot of the time, it's mine.
best pay you guys beauty
Everyone with God and spoke